Some predefined CSS cursors don't work (#2604)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/get-started/winui2.md

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### CSS cursors

> On WinUI 2, you cannot use [CSS cursors](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/CSS/cursor) by specifying a URL of an image as the cursor and only some of the predefined cursors work. You can use CSS cursors to change the cursor to some predefined cursors, such as `cursor: wait;` or `cursor: crosshair;`, but not to others such as `cursor: progress` or `cursor: none` and not to an image URL, such as `cursor: url(https://contoso.com/cursor.png), pointer;`. See [CSS - cursor loaded from URL doesn't work](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/1925).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On WinUI 2, CSS cursors have the following limitations:

* The predefined CSS cursors `cursor: progress` and `cursor: none` are not supported.  The other predefined values are supported, such as `cursor: wait;` and `cursor: crosshair;`.

* The CSS cursor cannot be an image URL, such as `cursor: url(https://contoso.com/cursor.png), pointer;`.  See [CSS - cursor loaded from URL doesn't work](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/1925).

See also:
* [CSS cursors](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/CSS/cursor)
```
